packages/features/create/README.md, before:

# create

Feature responsável por encurtar URLs e persistir o resultado no storage em memória. Expõe `CreateWidget` e registra dependências via `injectable`.

## Fluxo

1. Usuário digita uma URL no `DesignTextField`.
2. Ao clicar em enviar (`DesignButton`), o `CreateCubit` chama `CreateUseCase`.
3. O use case delega ao `CreateRepository` que simula (futuro: chama API) e persiste `ShortUrl` em `MemoryStorage` (lista `shortened_urls`).
4. `History` feature recebe atualização via stream e lista item recém criado.

## Principais classes

- `CreateWidget` — Componente de UI (campo + botão + estados de loading via BlocBuilder).
- `CreateCubit` / `CreateState` — Gerencia estados: initial, loading, success, error.
- `CreateUseCase` — Boundary de domínio para criação.
- `CreateRepository` — Interage com storage (futuro: rede + cache).
- `ShortUrl` — Modelo simples (originalUrl, shortUrl).

## Exemplo de uso direto

```dart
CreateWidget(); // inserido em uma tela (ex: HomePage)
```

Reação ao sucesso/erro pode ser adicionada via `BlocListener` (já preparado no widget, faltando implementação de UI feedback).

## Extensões futuras

- Validação de URL (regex ou pacote `validators`).
- Tratamento de erros de rede reais.
- Feedback visual (SnackBar / Banner) no success/error.
- Copiar automáticamente a URL encurtada.

## Testes (a implementar)

- Mock de `CreateUseCase` validando transições de estado.
- Teste de integração adicionando item e verificando stream de histórico.

## Desenvolvimento

Gerar DI quando houver novas anotações:
```
dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

Formatar:
```
dart format .
```

## Licença

Uso interno no workspace.

Commit message:

chore: update README files for consistency and clarity in English

packages/features/create/README.md, after:

# create

Feature responsible for shortening URLs and persisting the result in in-memory storage. Exposes `CreateWidget` and registers dependencies via `injectable`.

## Flow

1. The user enters a URL in the `DesignTextField`.
2. On submit (`DesignButton`), `CreateCubit` calls `CreateUseCase`.
3. The use case delegates to `CreateRepository` that simulates (future: calls an API) and persists `ShortUrl` into `MemoryStorage` (list key: `shortened_urls`).
4. The `history` feature receives an update via stream and lists the newly created item.

## Key classes

- `CreateWidget` — UI component (input + button + loading states via BlocBuilder).
- `CreateCubit` / `CreateState` — Manages states: initial, loading, success, error.
- `CreateUseCase` — Domain boundary for creation.
- `CreateRepository` — Interacts with storage (future: network + cache).
- `ShortUrl` — Simple model (originalUrl, shortUrl).

## Quick usage

```dart
CreateWidget(); // place inside a page (e.g., HomePage)
```

Success/error reactions can be added via `BlocListener` (the widget is ready; UI feedback is to be implemented).

## Future extensions

- URL validation (regex or `validators` package).
- Real network error handling.
- Visual feedback (SnackBar / Banner) on success/error.
- Automatically copy the shortened URL.

## Tests (to add)

- Mock `CreateUseCase` validating state transitions.
- Integration test adding an item and verifying the history stream.

## Development

Regenerate DI when new annotations are added:
```
dart run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

Format:
```
dart format .
```

## License

Internal use within this workspace.
